---
title:  "A message from our CEO regarding COVID-19"
metadate: "hide"
date: 2020-03-18 22:58:43
categories: [ covid19, riteaid, retail ]
image: "/assets/images/posts/AmessagefromourCEOregardingCOVID19_full.png"
thumbnail: "/assets/images/posts/AmessagefromourCEOregardingCOVID19.png"
---
 ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌
‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌
‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌
‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌
View Online




*To Our Friends & Neighbors,*

At Rite Aid, the health and wellness of our communities, customers and
associates is our first priority. Like you, we are concerned about recent
developments surrounding COVID-19, also known as coronavirus. As a
healthcare company, we are taking proactive precautions to minimize risk in
our stores, offices and distribution centers.

Our stores and distribution centers are following enhanced cleaning and
sanitation protocols designed specifically to prevent the spread of all
viruses, including COVID-19 and the flu. In addition to our external
cleaning providers who professionally cleanse and sanitize our stores, we
have increased the frequency by which our associates clean high traffic
surfaces throughout the day.

We are working around the clock to procure products like sanitizer,
cleansers, rubbing alcohol, and other items our customers need. We’ve also
significantly increased our staffing levels to fill online orders quicker.
We established in-store and online purchase limits on certain items to
ensure that these products are available to the greatest number of
customers. We appreciate your patience and understanding as we continue to
work on replenishing merchandise.

We encourage you to visit our stores’ germ prevention displays, located on
end caps and near the pharmacy, for quick access to products that will help
you avoid the spread of viruses. And, of course, if you or somebody you are
caring for does get sick, our pharmacists and associates can help you with
the medication and supplies you will need for treatment and comfort.

If you have been exposed to coronavirus or the flu, or if you prefer to use
shopping options that help reduce contact with others, we encourage you to
use our app to refill prescriptions online and receive texts when your
prescription is ready. You can also shop RiteAid.com to have your health
and wellness products delivered right to your door. Many Rite Aid locations
provide drive-through pickup windows and/or prescription delivery. Contact
information for your local store can be found on RiteAid.com. And if you
are not already a member of RiteAid’s free wellness+ rewards program, we
encourage you to sign up to receive digital updates on COVID-19, in
addition to a variety of other valuable benefits.

At the corporate level, Rite Aid is communicating frequently and directly
with our stores and associates to issue updated guidance and information.
Our senior leadership team is actively engaged on a daily basis and we have
formed an enterprise-wide task force to help manage this rapidly evolving
situation. We will continue to monitor the situation closely and take
actions to protect our customers and associates. We encourage you to visit
the CDC website for up-to-date information and facts on COVID-19.

As always, if you have any questions about your medications or care,
healthcare professionals and pharmacists are available 24/7 at 1-800-Rite
Aid or through a live chat on RiteAid.com.



Heyward Donigan
Chief Executive Officer, Rite Aid



*To Our Friends & Neighbors,*

At Rite Aid, the health and wellness of our communities, customers and
associates is our first priority. Like you, we are concerned about recent
developments surrounding COVID-19, also known as coronavirus. As a
healthcare company, we are taking proactive precautions to minimize risk in
our stores, offices and distribution centers.

Our stores and distribution centers are following enhanced cleaning and
sanitation protocols designed specifically to prevent the spread of all
viruses, including COVID-19 and the flu. In addition to our external
cleaning providers who professionally cleanse and sanitize our stores, we
have increased the frequency by which our associates clean high traffic
surfaces throughout the day.

We are working around the clock to procure products like sanitizer,
cleansers, rubbing alcohol, and other items our customers need. We’ve also
significantly increased our staffing levels to fill online orders quicker.
We established in-store and online purchase limits on certain items to
ensure that these products are available to the greatest number of
customers. We appreciate your patience and understanding as we continue to
work on replenishing merchandise.

We encourage you to visit our stores’ germ prevention displays, located on
end caps and near the pharmacy, for quick access to products that will help
you avoid the spread of viruses. And, of course, if you or somebody you are
caring for does get sick, our pharmacists and associates can help you with
the medication and supplies you will need for treatment and comfort.

If you have been exposed to coronavirus or the flu, or if you prefer to use
shopping options that help reduce contact with others, we encourage you to
use our app to refill prescriptions online and receive texts when your
prescription is ready. You can also shop RiteAid.com to have your health
and wellness products delivered right to your door. Many Rite Aid locations
provide drive-through pickup windows and/or prescription delivery. Contact
information for your local store can be found on RiteAid.com. And if you
are not already a member of RiteAid’s free wellness+ rewards program, we
encourage you to sign up to receive digital updates on COVID-19, in
addition to a variety of other valuable benefits.

At the corporate level, Rite Aid is communicating frequently and directly
with our stores and associates to issue updated guidance and information.
Our senior leadership team is actively engaged on a daily basis and we have
formed an enterprise-wide task force to help manage this rapidly evolving
situation. We will continue to monitor the situation closely and take
actions to protect our customers and associates. We encourage you to visit
the CDC website for up-to-date information and facts on COVID-19.

As always, if you have any questions about your medications or care,
healthcare professionals and pharmacists are available 24/7 at 1-800-Rite
Aid or through a live chat on RiteAid.com.



Heyward Donigan
Chief Executive Officer, Rite Aid




*Go to the CDC’s website for more ways to protect yourself and your loved
ones.*


*Go to the CDC’s website for more ways to protect yourself and your loved
ones.*

      

This email was sent to you because you added an item to your cart at
shop.riteaid.com. You can unsubscribe

from these emails.

For more details please read Rite Aid's privacy policy located at
https://www.riteaid.com/legal/privacy-policy


To ensure delivery to your inbox, please add riteaid@email.riteaid.com to
your email address book.

For Customer Care - visit our website at riteaid.com/contactus

or call 1-800-RITEAID (1-800-748-3243). Customers with hearing or speech
disabilities may contact us at 1-800-RITEAID (1-800-748-3243) through the
National Telecommunications Relay Service by dialing 711.

©2001–2020 Rite Aid Corp. All rights reserved.

Rite Aid | 30 Hunter Lane | Camp Hill, PA 17011 | USA

