---
title:  "A note from United's CEO: Our role during these challenging times"
metadate: "hide"
date: 2020-03-28 14:13:52
categories: [  ]
image: "/assets/images/posts/AnotefromUnitedsCEOOurroleduringthesechallengingtimes_full.png"
thumbnail: "/assets/images/posts/AnotefromUnitedsCEOOurroleduringthesechallengingtimes.png"
---
An update on our response to the coronavirus outbreak.
View Online



MileagePlus # XXXXX186




MileagePlus # XXXXX186




MileagePlus # XXXXX186


*Dear ,*

I hope this note finds you and your loved ones healthy and well.

It is safe to say these past weeks have been among some of the most
tumultuous and emotional that any of us can remember in our lifetimes. The
impact of the coronavirus outbreak has been felt by individuals and
families, companies and communities, across the United States and around
the world.

The response to this crisis has been extraordinary; as much for what it has
*required* from our society as for what it has *revealed* of us as a people.

Far from causing division and discord, this crisis and the social
distancing it has required, has allowed us to witness something profound
and moving about ourselves: our fond and deeply felt wish to be connected
with one another.

The role of connector is one we're privileged to play in the moments that
matter most in your life – weddings and graduations, birthdays and business
trips, events large and small – and it's that responsibility that motivates
us most to get back to our regular service, as soon as possible.

That is why it is so important our government acted on a comprehensive
relief act to ensure our airline – and our industry – are ready and able to
serve you again when this crisis abates.

I want to relay to you, in as deeply personal a way I can, the heartfelt
appreciation of my 100,000 United team members and their families for this
vital public assistance to keep America and United flying for you.

This support will save jobs in our business and many others. And it allows
us time to make decisions about the future of our airline to ensure that we
can offer you the service you deserve and have come to expect as our
customers.

While consumer demand has fallen, we have seen the need for our service and
capabilities shifted. And, we've adapted to help meet those needs.

Right now, aircraft flying the United livery and insignia, flown by our
aviation professionals, have been repurposed to deliver vital medical
supplies and goods to some of the places that need it most. We're also
using several of our idle widebody aircraft to use as dedicated charter
cargo flights, at least 40 times per week, to transfer freight to and from
U.S. locations as well as to key international business locations. At the
same time, we are working in concert with the U.S. State Department to
bring stranded Americans who are trying to return home back to their loved
ones.

While much remains uncertain right now, one thing is for sure: this crisis
will pass. Our nation and communities will recover and United will return
to service you, our customers. When that happens, we want you to fly United
with even greater pride because of the actions we took on behalf of our
customers, our employees and everyone we serve.

Stay safe and be well,


*Oscar Munoz*
CEO








Reservations

 Deals & offers

 MileagePlus®

 My account




  

  

  



*Terms and conditions:*

You have received this email because it includes important information
about one or more of the following: United, the MileagePlus program, your
MileagePlus account, your memberships or subscriptions, or a recent
transaction or travel experience with United. Your privacy and
communication preferences are very important to us. If you previously opted
not to receive promotional emails, we will continue to respect that
request. However, you will continue to receive non-promotional,
service-related emails. If you would like to opt out of receiving
promotional emails from United and MileagePlus in the future, you can
update your email subscription preferences

.

C000021062 15454 ET01 20200328 6bd4b8eb7beb98bcc14dbbb838f59cc6
This email was sent to info@messagefromtheceo.com

by United Airlines.
Please do not reply to this email. We cannot accept electronic replies to
this email address.

© 2020 United Airlines. All rights reserved. United Airlines, Inc. 233 S.
Wacker Drive Chicago, IL 60606

Contact us

  |  Email preferences

  |  Privacy policy





Download the latest United app






