---
title:  "From our family to yours"
metadate: "hide"
date: 2020-04-09 20:41:02
categories: [  ]
image: "/assets/images/posts/2020-04-09-Fromourfamilytoyours_full.png"
thumbnail: "/assets/images/posts/2020-04-09-Fromourfamilytoyours.png"
---
If you are unable to see the message below, click here

to view.





Dear,

For only the second time in our 100-year history, (the first being during
the Second World War), the majority of our British Airways aircraft have
now touched down in London, leaving just a small fleet flying to bring
people home to their loved ones and to deliver critical supplies to
countries and people in need.

As borders continue to close and the world comes to a temporary standstill,
we wanted to extend our heartfelt thanks to you for your incredible support
of British Airways and our crews, and to send our warmest thoughts to you
and to those who may be suffering at the hands of this unexpected crisis.

As difficult as it has been for our teams and our customers, we stand
together. Our business stands on strong foundations. At its heart are many
thousands of colleagues who care passionately about the airline, Britain
and the nations and customers we serve.

An incredible new global community has emerged from the situation we find
ourselves in and that is something for us all to feel proud of. Hundreds of
thousands of people have volunteered their services to help organisations
around the world, so too have many of our own people, and for that we are
proud and grateful. While many of our aircraft remain on the ground, we
will take inspiration from the heroes who are working on the front line and
we will continue to serve Britain as best we can.

Sadly, we know that now is not the time to travel. We don’t know when it
will be, but we do know that when our aircraft are cleared for take-off
once again, it will be epic. Families will be reunited, the wheels of
industry will start turning again and when they do, we’ll be ready, to fly
and to serve.

Until then, from our family to yours, thank you and we wish you well.




Dear Mr Dick,

For only the second time in our 100-year history, (the first being during
the Second World War), the majority of our British Airways aircraft have
now touched down in London, leaving just a small fleet flying to bring
people home to their loved ones and to deliver critical supplies to
countries and people in need.

As borders continue to close and the world comes to a temporary standstill,
we wanted to extend our heartfelt thanks to you for your incredible support
of British Airways and our crews, and to send our warmest thoughts to you
and to those who may be suffering at the hands of this unexpected crisis.

As difficult as it has been for our teams and our customers, we stand
together. Our business stands on strong foundations. At its heart are many
thousands of colleagues who care passionately about the airline, Britain
and the nations and customers we serve.

An incredible new global community has emerged from the situation we find
ourselves in and that is something for us all to feel proud of. Hundreds of
thousands of people have volunteered their services to help organisations
around the world, so too have many of our own people, and for that we are
proud and grateful. While many of our aircraft remain on the ground, we
will take inspiration from the heroes who are working on the front line and
we will continue to serve Britain as best we can.

Sadly, we know that now is not the time to travel. We don’t know when it
will be, but we do know that when our aircraft are cleared for take-off
once again, it will be epic. Families will be reunited, the wheels of
industry will start turning again and when they do, we’ll be ready, to fly
and to serve.

Until then, from our family to yours, thank you and we wish you well.

Thank you,
Alex Cruz
Chairman and CEO, British Airways

Terms and conditions


This email was sent to info@messagefromtheceo.com. You have received this
email because you have opted to receive marketing emails from the
British Airways Group. If you no longer wish to receive marketing emails,
please contact us

and ensure you submit info@messagefromtheceo.com, the email address you
signed up with. Please allow 10 days for all requests to be actioned.

Clicking through to ba.com

from this email will allow us to track your use of our website and enable
us to show content and offers of most interest to you. If you would prefer
this not to happen, please go to ba.com

through your web browser. We never share this information with third
parties. For more information, please refer to our privacy policy

.

If you have any questions please contact us

.

British Airways Plc

registered office: Waterside, Speedbird Way, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB.
Registered in England: 1777777.

This email is intended solely for the addressee(s) and the information it
contains is confidential. If you are not the intended recipient, (a) please
delete this email and inform the sender as soon as possible, and (b) any
copying distribution or other action taken or omitted to be taken in
reliance upon it is prohibited and may be unlawful.
Unsubscribe



