---
title:  "Our response to the coronavirus outbreak"
metadate: "hide"
categories: [  ]
image: "/assets/images/posts/Ourresponsetothecoronavirusoutbreak_full.png"
thumbnail: "/assets/images/posts/Ourresponsetothecoronavirusoutbreak.png"
---
We're taking action to keep you safe.
View Online



MileagePlus # XXXXX186




MileagePlus # XXXXX186




MileagePlus # XXXXX186


*Dear Bert,*

I consider you part of our United family and your safety remains our
highest priority.

We are in the business of serving people and in the midst of this
coronavirus outbreak it's important that we give you as much flexibility as
possible when planning your next trip. But it's also important that we give
you as much information as possible about the procedures we follow to clean
our aircraft and maintain a sanitary environment once we're in the air.

Our teams are in daily contact with the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (CDC), the World Health Organization (WHO), federal agencies and
other global health organizations to share the most up-to-the-minute
information to ensure the actions we're taking are comprehensive and
appropriate.

So today, I wanted to personally reach out and share a few of the steps we
are taking for you, our customer:

*Before you fly*
To give you the greatest flexibility, when you book any flight with us now
through March 31, you can change it for free over the next 12 months – any
ticket, any fare type, any destination.

*On the ground*
Our team of in-house medical experts and industrial hygienists oversee our
aircraft cleaning procedures to ensure they meet or exceed all CDC
guidelines. Hard surfaces such as lavatories, tray tables, window shades
and armrests are thoroughly wiped down with a high-grade disinfectant and
multi-purpose cleaner. And when we are advised by the CDC of a person who
has traveled on board and is potentially exhibiting coronavirus symptoms,
that aircraft is taken out of service and sent through a full
decontamination process that includes our standard cleaning procedures plus
washing ceilings and overhead bins and scrubbing the interior.

*In the air*
Our aircraft are equipped with state-of-the-art circulation systems,
similar to those found in hospitals, which use a high-efficiency (HEPA)
filter to circulate the air and remove more than 99% of airborne particles.
We're also adjusting our inflight service to limit person-to-person
contamination. This includes handing beverages directly to customers
instead of allowing customers to touch a tray and ensuring all flight
attendants wear gloves during service.

More information on each of these efforts can be found on the United Hub

.

I know I speak for every member of our United family when I say that we
take the greatest pride in the role we play in the lives of our customers,
personally and professionally.

I want you to know that you can continue to rely on us. So, the next time
we have the privilege of welcoming you aboard our aircraft, you can know
our commitment to you remains as steadfast as ever.

Kind regards,


*Oscar Munoz*
CEO





Reservations

 Deals & offers

 MileagePlus®

 My account




  

  

  



*Terms and conditions:*

You have received this email because it includes important information
about one or more of the following: United, the MileagePlus program, your
MileagePlus account, your memberships or subscriptions, or a recent
transaction or travel experience with United. Your privacy and
communication preferences are very important to us. If you previously opted
not to receive promotional emails, we will continue to respect that
request. However, you will continue to receive non-promotional,
service-related emails. If you would like to opt out of receiving
promotional emails from United and MileagePlus in the future, you can
update your email subscription preferences

.

C000020916 15454 ET02 20200306 6bd4b8eb7beb98bcc14dbbb838f59cc6
This email was sent to info@messagefromtheceo.com

by United Airlines.
Please do not reply to this email. We cannot accept electronic replies to
this email address.

© 2020 United Airlines. All rights reserved. United Airlines, Inc. 233 S.
Wacker Drive Chicago, IL 60606

Contact us

  |  Email preferences

  |  Privacy policy





Download the latest United app






